= GoogleAddressFinder - get real addresses from Google via the Google Maps web interface

This package contains GoogleAddressFinder, a library for finding real addresses for things from Google via the Google Maps interface.  This can be used as a source of test data (e.g. a populator rake task) or any other case where finding street addresses for items is needed.

== Download

The latest copy can currently be pulled from the git repository on github.

* http://github.com/mdoel/googleaddressfinder/tree/master

or via

  Note: gem stuff doesn't work yet.  Best bet it is to just copy to your app.

  % sudo gem sources -a http://gems.github.com # (you only need to do this once)
  % sudo gem install googleaddressfinder
  
== Usage

The intializer for the GoogleAddressFinder class allows four parameters to be passed via an options hash:

  :search_term - passed to Google as a source of addresses (default is "mcdonalds")
  :locations - cities, zips, etc. to get addresses for (default is top 10 cities in U.S.)
  :per_location - how many addresses to pull from Google for each location (default is 10)
  :max_hits_per_location - how many times to hit Google looking for addresses (default is 2)

The last parameter above is to prevent slamming Google looking for requests (see To Do below).


  finder = GoogleAddressFinder.new
  finder.load_addresses
  a = finder.get_random_address     # will call load_addresses if needed
  @all = finder.all_addresses       # returns all addresses loaded from Google
  
To use search for something other than mcdonalds in the default locations, instantiate like this:

  finder = GoogleAddressFinder.new(:search_term => "church", :locations => ['43220','Cincinnati'])




= Other Stuff

Author:: Mike Doel <mike at mikedoel dot com>
License:: Copyright 2009 by Mike Doel.
          Released under an MIT-style license.  See the LICENSE file
          included in the distribution.
Bugs:: Report to author via e-mail
GitHub:: http://github.com/mdoel/googleaddressfinder/tree/master

== Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.
